Added additional setup instructions to README.md (#184)
cauliframework/cauli: README.md

### Setup

> Add an `import Cauliframework` to your `AppDelegate` and call the `run` function on the shared instace in the `application(:, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)`. Make sure to call `run` before instantiating networking classes. Otherwise Cauli can't hook into it and won't be able to create any records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an `import Cauliframework` to your `AppDelegate` and call the `run` function on the shared instace in the `application(:, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)`. Make sure to call `run` before instantiating any `URLSession`. Otherwise Cauli can't hook into it and won't be able to intercept any records.
```
